So I've been building an AI agent (autonomous agent) for cyber cafe workers (for bihar + all indian services). Those workers has to fill a form, search for information, collect documents, and blah,blah... So I just wanna make it autonomous , and turn it into a B2B SaAS platform. Currenly I'm working in early stage, I've built infra , ui, db, ux.
I'm working in research layer I mean if you wanna apply for any specific government service then you must have all accurate data and information about that . So I tried a lot build an AI based researcher which can research and provide me every important information(like docs needed to apply, eligibility, photo sizes and dimension, signature specs, timeline, validity, etc) in 20-30 sec but it was breaking each time in something , it wasn't providing all data and not accurate at all. 

So i pivoted my stategy , I decided that until I build whole applicatoin/platform I can manually fill the db and update in every 7 days so even if any info gets changed - i would still have reliable. But It's very tough because I have to find pdf for exctracting information and then go to every web and see the application form,  so it takes around 30+ mins to fill one service_knowledge form and still some field doesn't get all accurate data.

So I think if you can build a tool which can do these things autonomosly for free even with some credits.
And do these things accurately - 
1. User select for ration card bihar or adhar card(this is national)
2. Tool searches on offical sites and gather informations, craw pages, find only usefull PDFs related to that service, extract every info if images also those, navigate into website and find application pages and every important data, merge every information and show only what system is telling.
3. Show to UI.
4. Update in database. 
5. Verify in every 7 days and if something has changed - update new.

Note: I am just asking can you do it . If yes, then tell me what you would do and how and how it'll provide me what I want, in free,. 

tell only , don't create anything until I say!